[monitors] Add `urlencode` helper docs. (#14832)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/monitors/notify/variables.md

{{ .matched }} the host name
```

### URL Encode

If your alert message needs to include a piece of information that needs to be encoded for using it in a URL (for example: redirections), use the `{{ urlencode "<variable>"}}` syntax:

> **Example**: If your monitor message includes a URL to APM filtered by your `service` [tag variable](#attribute-and-tag-variables) that needs to be encoded for it:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Example**: If your monitor message includes a URL to the APM services page filtered to a specific service, use the `service` [tag variable](#attribute-and-tag-variables) and `{{ urlencode "<variable>"}}` syntax in the URL:
```
